ISSUE-680 EmailRecoveryAction/get (#690)
linagora/tmail-backend: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tmail-backend/jmap-extensions/deletedMessagesVault.adoc

 - `failed`: the task execution failed.
 - `canceled`: the task was canceled.

== EmailRecoveryActionResult object

This represents the result of submitted email recovery action.

It has the following properties:

- `id`: *Id* (server set). The object identifier. This identifier is mapped one-to-one to the identifier of the `EmailRecoveryAction` object.
- `successfulRestoreCount`: *UnsignedInt* (server-set). Number of successful restored messages.
- `errorRestoreCount`: *UnsignedInt* (server-set). Number of failed restored messages.

> - `status`: *Status* (server-set). The status of the task.

Reviewer: IMO we do not need ` EmailRecoveryActionResult object`

 let's add `successfulRestoreCount` and `errorRestoreCount` to `EmailRecoveryAction` (server set) + mention explicitly which properties can be used within `EmailRecoveryAction/get` ?

 - `failed`: the task execution failed.
 - `canceled`: the task was canceled.

== EmailRecoveryAction/get

> This method returns the result of submitted email recovery actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method returns the underlying email recovery actions.
```
